
// reason => I’m seeking new challenges to further develop my skills and work on diverse projects beyond 
// my current role, where I've primarily managed marketing websites. I’m eager to grow in a dynamic  environment.


//Intoduction => I'm a React developer focused on building robust,user friendly  and  scalable, responsive  website With a strong foundation in JavaScript, React, and modern frameworks 
// like Redux and Tailwind CSS. i have developed streamlined ,accessible site for mmwmachine , created a job aggregator to simplify career searches
//built an e-commerce platform for online pharmaceuticals focused on responsive 
// and a seamless user experience. I'm committed to building scalable solutions that prioritize usability and performance."


//1careerwallet in eglogics   ,indimedo ,mmw,Mohindra Engineering Company  -> live link ,4  fetaures  , website view ,tech 
// Created a user-friendly job aggregator, simplifying career searches. enhance efficiency and accessibility with the help of optimize code , facilitating smoother transitions into desired professions.
//Developed a robust platform for online pharmaceuticals, Streamlined user experience and ensured secure transactions, contributing to accessible healthcare solutions.
//A user-friendly and mobile-responsive platform designed for seamless navigation and fast loading times. Built with a robust tech stack, including CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, and Javascript.
//Built with a robust tech stack including CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, and Php, we ensure a seamless user experience for our visitors. I thrive in collaborative environments, continually seeking opportunities.


// -> introduction and project  and reason  samall company -> design landing page  - github priyanka807,never458032 , you know in which folder where you will get extact code and sec oftion for googling 
// -> large company ->functionality ,react ,core concept of react ,task assign based on the functionality
//-> visual code for normal html and react open 2 github 3 portfolio 4 cheeting 5 clear notes where mentioned where will you which code you will get

//common high-figh words 1 robust 2 user friendly 3 streamlined 4streamless 5 accessablity 6 responsive 7 accessability 
//robust and scableable,streamlined and accessible ,seamless user experience ,scalable solution 


//1 streamlined and accessible  2 seamless user experience  3 accessability and useability , thrive in collabrative environments ,continuousaly seeking opportunities .


//mmwmachine.com
// A user-friendly and mobile-responsive platform designed for seamless navigation and fast loading times.
//added multiple location and language to reach target audience .
// Detailed product descriptions with optimized meta tags.
// added multiple location and language to reach target audience .


INTRODUCTION 

thankyou for the giving me this oppurtunity to indroduce myself .

as you know i am priyanka . i have done my bechlar degree alongside develop my  strong coding skills . 
i have 2 years of experience as react developer .previously i have worked with eglogics softtech private limited there i have build 
carrerwallete to simply career search and provide smoothing  job  into desired job afterthat i have joined 
avantihardware softtech private limited ther i have developed robust online ecommerce platform for pharmacueticals .now
i am current working with mohindra mechanical works there i build streamlined and accessible mohindra marketing website .
i am committted to continue enchancing performance and accessiblity of website . during these period i have build my proficient 
in these technology html ,css ,js  and react etc . that's all from my side . thankyou 

REASON 

I want to change job because there is only developer . there is no other teams in technical . they assigned to to build only marketing 
website .which i already build .now they are assigning to digital marketing task to make poster for youtube thumnail ,
uploading products on indiamart , saying to do seo for these website . so i am not getting the chance to build dynamanic and 
functionality based website on react . now i am looking for opportunity there i put my all potentials with dynmanic team in your company .


WHY SHOULD YOU HIRE ME ?

You should hire me because my approach is diffrent from others , continue learning new skills , 
updated with latest tech , good with other team member , have excellence reasearch skills ,
hands-on exprience on live project ,problem-solving skills ,clear communication 
and my skills align with your requirement where i can provide my full potential in am positive environment .

HOW YOUR APPROACH ARE DIFFRENT FROM OTHERS ?

My approach are diffrent from others . always keep clear communication with team member
for getting success i do hardwork but after getting suceess i will do more hardwork, keen observation ,
, i will be valuable asset for your company.
learning from others persoon , believe in each day enchance myself , achieve your daily goal .
i love to achieve task what i assigned to me before deadline . 
 i can handle pressure , tight deadline ,manage multimasking 
some times i can  do overtime if it urgent and needed 
love to take new challenges 
i think nefore starting coding 

WHERE DID YOU SEE YOURSELF IN NEXT FIVE YERS ?
In the next five years i see myself  as a highly full stack dveloper . mastering both frontend and backend technologies .
i want to work on complex projects and contribute to innovative solutions and take on leadership responsblities .
such as mentoring junior developer or leading a development team . i also aim to stay updated with latest trends and possibly specialize in areas like 
cloud computing or ai intigrations in web development . ultimately i want to grow within the company and add significents value to the team and projects i work on .


HOW DID YOU MANAGE YOUR WORK IN TIGHT DEADLINE .

1 first understand requirement of task deeply .
2 i will break into small and large task .
3 first i will complete functionality based task . and make my own deadline to achieve all task . 
try to complete this task before reaching deadline . 
4 clear communication during this time with all team member . 
5 keep calm , positive attitude , recall my previous achievement this time . 

TELL ME SOMETHING ABOUT YOURSELF WHAT YOU DID NOT MENTION IN RESUME ?



Q1 tell me something about you ?
Thankyou for giving me this opportunity to introduce myself as you know i am peiyanka kumari .
i have done bechlar degree from du university alongside exploring coding skills . previously 
i have worked with eglogic software privite limited as react developer there i have build career wallet to simply 
career search and provide fascnating smoother job into desired job . after taht i have joined avanti hardware private limited 
there i have created robust ecommerce platform for pharmacueticals .now i am currently working with mohindra mechanical works 
where i have develeoped user-friendly and seamless navigation marketing website . during this period 
i have my skiils in html,css ,css framework and react etc . i am committed to continously enchanicing performance and useablity of website.
that's all from my side .thanks again .


Q2 tell  me something about you what  you are not mentioned in your resume?
thanking for asking this questions . i have not mentioned my coding journey in resume . what was very interesting .
i am not from technical background .how i tackle all the problem which comes in learning time .
when i started learning coding that time even i don't have any mentor . when i was learning js 
and creating one form with validation  that time its very tough for me how functionality and validation is 
working , for sometime i frustrated but i never give up i search 1000 of the youtube videoes and serach on google 
and ask this question on linkedin , make frd on other platform like josh skills apps . so i have learnt by my life 
experience is nothing is impossible you decided you can achieve anything . people help you .this way i have learnt 
problem solving skills , research skills , communicate with person  and positive additude . 

strength : keen observation , positive approach ,good communicator  , taking chllanges 
weekness : i like to do every work from scarach , emotional , 

Q3 why should i hire you ?Why do you think you are suitable for this role ? 
why do you think you deserve this amt of money  what we will give you ?how you can give profit to organization ? 

you should hire me because i have problem solving and research skills , hands on experience on live projects ,
i will be valuable asset for you company , good with all team member  and my skills are align with your organization requirement 
there i can put my all potential to your company growth .

1 problem solving skills (form , serachbar ,api ) and research skills (how research your website design )
2 hand's on experience on live project
3 staying updated with latest trend technology
4  exploring new technology and love to accept challanges 
5 my skills are align with your organization requirements 
6 i am valuable assets for you 

i deserve that's amt of salary because it is basic market pay standard salary for 2 years experience as react developer .
i have that's all kind of skills this will be valueable for your organization growth .


Q4 what is your current  roles and responblity in organization?

i research about design things and create design for website itself .
developed user friendly  website and make responsive website .
maintain efficiency and performance of code on the daily basis .
implimented all the features what assigned to me . (specific location based webpage , add language ,animation )
comimunicate with owner and hr on the daily basis 
i have done on page seo and technical seo for this website itself .


designing ,maintaining , developing frontend and backend application 
ensuring responsiveness and performance of website 
collobarating with cross functional team to define ,design and ship new features 
debugging and resolving technical issues promptly
staying updated with emerging tehnology and industary trends 


Q5   why do you want to leave current company ?

i want to leave current company because there is only developer they assigned me to build only marketing website.
now website has build they are assign me task to make canva poster , uploading video on youtube and indimart and seo .
they don't have any dynamanic and  functionality based project where i can use my skills . there i can put my full
potential  to build functionality based website to organization growth . 

Q6 how you are diffrent from other candidate ?
1 have problem solving and research skills 
2 my approach are diffrent from others 
3 i can manage multi-tasking 
4 i submit task and project before deadline 
5 sometime i can do overtime for company in emergeny and company need 
6 staying updated with latest trend technology 


Q7 describe your challenging task what you achieve ?

when i was developing indimedo website that time i have to build search bar same like flipkart website .
that time i don't know how functionality will work , for understanding this i visited on flipkart website 
and type anthing in serach bar and open network tak to see what's going on then i observed whenever we 
type it took some time to show data so i got the debouncing concept  and api calling from there .
i learn about debouncing , clenaup function and api handling and i implimented in my website also .
it was challenging me but i have achived it 


 




