
1 bootstrap and tailwind : bootstrap is a popular frontend css framework that provides pre designed components 
ex : navbar ,card ,button , dropdown . it's opinionated and include pre design styles and javascript plugins .

ex: pre build components : <button class="btn btn-primary"></button> includes more css classes just like padding , border-radius , color,
ex : opinionated : you dont need to write custom code for common navbar behaviour : space ,color , hover , margin ,padding default get using navbar 
ex : javascript plugin : toggle navbar , coolpse color change on nvabar icon click 


background-color , text style and color , space , so includes more pre styled if you want this in tailwind you need to install plugins
daisyui and flowbite .both provide mobile based layout .
size and split : slower performance why already have js plugin installed and component
customization : difficult , follow old pattern to customize code , customise these using saas variable and mixin color,typography and space 
tailwind : tailwind is a popular frontend first utility  css framework that allow to developer style  directly in html using utility classes.
it is unpoinionated and require more manual design efforts but provide more flexiblity.
ex : <button class="bg-blue-500 text-white px-4 py-2 rounded hover:bg-blue-600">Tailwind Button</button>
ex: provide so many helpers class , no preffrence for specific design , 
customization : easily modify in components using helpers class , color , spacing , typography ki deffrred value changed 
size and spit : better performance .

bootstrap : version 5.3   and tailwind : 3.4.17 

materialui : is a open source ,react component library help to build intractive 
web application and mobile app using these design . 


ating consistent user experience by enchancing design .
materal ui is based on google material design . 

position :used to make layout 
static : default value , normal flow  left top
relative : move towards to their normal poition using these top,left,bottom , right
absulate : move towards to their ancesstors .
fixed  and sticky 
defination : stays fixed to the viewport regardless of scrolling   || strick to defined position while scrolling only within its parent container 
position :  moves relative to browser viewport  || move realtive to nearest scrollbar ancesstor 
moves with scroll : does not moves with scroll at all || move until it reach the boundry then is stays 
requires : atleast one require for this (top,bottom ,left ,right ) || not worked with bottom 
common use cases : chat pop-ups , floating buttons ,fixed navigation bar  || sticky header ,sticky sidebar inside scrolling sections.
//stricky are only worked while scrolling time and only within its parent container 


//dom : dom stands for documnent object model . browser engine read the html code and create something called dom .
dom is like tree strcture that represents the html code on the page .

dom that  represents the page you see in the web-browser and provide you with an api to intract with it .
web browser constructs the dom when it loads an html document , structure all the element tree like representations .
js can access to dom to make dynamanic ,content ,create element ,styling and , change strcuture of web page .

