1 .javascript : js is a single threaded language and dynamanic typed language .it helps to create dynamanic and interactive 
content on the webpage . this is a versaltile programming language which provide better user experience and web develeopment expereince .
.dynamanic type language . scripting language . single threaded and synchronous language , interpretion , lieghtweight 
.faster web develepoment experience , do not take  more & more  time to execute program 
.rapid development ,easy to learn , cross platform browser , better communities , support asynchronous code 
2 .single threaded language and synchronous language : it means has one call stack and used  to execute program one by one in machine codes .
.each operation waits for last one to complete before executing .
.execute single line of code / one by one.
.translate one statement at one time into machine codes .

3. dynamanic typed language : we don't need to explicity  define type of datatype to declare variable /initilize variable 
before executing .it will not provide you error when you execute this program on browser .
the type of variable is determined at runtime bases on variavle value holds it .
create complex situation sometimes during  runtime environment that's why giving error .

let var = 
let var = 1
let var = true 
let var = "" // the type of varaiable is determined at runtime bases on variable which type of holds

4 complier : translate /processes the entire source code at once into machine codes before run program codes .
and generating /creating executable file that can be run directly without needing source code and other complier again.
complier scan entire program at once and translate whole program once into machine codes .
ex :c++ ,c ,java 
benifits : large scale application and performance critical task  like gaming engines  and operation system
2 speedup during execution because program has already converted into machine code 


5 interpreter : translate and execute code line by line as code runs or into machine codes , provide immediate feedback .
interpreter are better for web environmenet where load time are essentials .
interpreter translate a statement one by one into machine codes .

ex : javascript ,phthan ,ruby 

heap memory -> allocate memory used by program - > store var,fun ,arr,obj etc 


6 call stack -> heap memory  send to data in callstack , execute synchronous code first into machine code and hold async code for execution , execute in the last .
async code is a part of webapi.


7 runtime environment : js runtime is a environment where provde all necessary componnts in order to execute program .
runtime environments consists several type of component such as js egine ,callback,web api , micro and macro task .


8 asynchronous : it refers to handle task that might take time to complete those taks suc as fetching data from server , read file from database 
and perform i/o operation (read file or create file from database ).we have diffrent mechanisms in js to handle this issues , one is common
example of callback and async ,await , timeout ,promise etc.

9 client and server side rendering : 1 seo is enough required and seo is required .
2 api intigration on browser and api inigration on server 
3 using html ,css and js to make client side webpage and use node , phytan , java to make api call on server side rendering 
4 create interactive user interface run this on browser , instruction for the browser how display on browser 
and intact with databse ,perform server logic , api generate ,run on server ex : xampp, node , pythan


single threaded language : it execute one task at one time in order to from top to bottom . execute code line by line .
each task wait for last task should complete in order to execute next last .
each operation will complete before next one come in machine codes . 
console.log("Start");
console.log("Middle");
console.log("End");


console.log("Start");
for (let i = 0; i < 1e9; i++) {} // Simulates a heavy task
console.log("End");
The for loop blocks execution, proving JavaScript runs one task at a time.                                                                                             
If JavaScript were truly multi-threaded, setTimeout would execute immediately. But instead, it waits and executes after synchronous code finishes.


this keyword : this keyword refers to an object that is executing current piece of code . 
this refres to an object that is executing current function . if the function being reffrenced is a regular function .
It is commonly used in object-oriented programming to access the properties and
methods of an object.


spread-operator : it only works  with obj itiration like array , map,set , string . 
you can use the spread operator (...) to convert it into an array
.allow an itirable to be expanded in its elements . 
{..person} is actually using Object.assign() under the hood, which copies properties instead of expanding them as individual values.


1 designing , development , maintain , optimize code and inc performance ,intract with cross functional team 
, ensuring code is working correctly , updating daily regarding function , 
