react : react is a popular javascript library for building userinterface  .
1 component based architecture : based on the component based articture and create reused component throughout 
the application and developer    braek manipulate ui into   smaller task and manageable  component and it helps to manage and debug code easily .

2 unidirectional flow : it means it passed the data parent to child components that'why it is very easy to manage and 
debug the code .

3 declarative syntex : it means react cares how coponent will efficeintyly manage and what you want to ui look as you created ex : listing map and button click event 
4 virtual dom : whenever state component has changed react update the virtual dom , react compare old and new one . virtual dom only update dom where necessary

5 jsx : jsx is a javascript syntex extension which allow to developer write html like a code in js file . it makes to easy create manipulate ui.
5 rich ecosystem: react has large ecosystem including react-routing library for routing and redux for state management  . it intigrate with diffrent tools and framework.
6 cross platform development :with the raect native tools .react can build the mobile application also using react native . ensuring consistent web developent and troubleshhoting 
7 great community system : have better community systems , documenation and resources while helps to developer learn easily and debug code efficiently .

8 react latest : July 11 , 2024 

9 framework and library : in framework : library , configruation , helpers -> make work easy ,design pattern (mvc) model ,view ,controller  , approach , request -controller , view - >frontend ,  model -> database releted function return response ,database commounicate . libraray -> make classes for any fun and resued ->send mail , coolect all module create framework and fully dependent .
library : a library is a pre written functions or classes that developers can call as needed .
control : developer have control and call the library func whenever needed 

framework : is a complete structure with predefined rules ,pattern ,artitecture to build application.
control : framework controls flow of the application .developer follow its convention .
use case : large scall application where requiring structured approach (mvc)
m->model  (have to add so many configuration and helpers ),make work easy ,must follow design pattern ,databased related function response 
v -> view->frontend ->collect all module 
c->control -> request to controller ->fully dependent -> have all access 
const num = [4,5,90,2]
const max = Math.max(num)
console.log(max,'90)
instead of this you can use loadash libray which provide you a function you just passed only data . this make your work so easy and effortless and save your time and efforts .
you can create craousal function itself and you can use slick-carousal library .

react latest version : version19 features : useTransition (api pending ) and useOptimistic (twitter name update)
useActionState(),useFormStatus(),use in usecontext 
node latest version : 22.12.0
npm  latest version:11.0
typescript latest version: 5.7.2

//canva , off-page seo , promotion , wordpress , shopify 

i know they can't afford him 2-2.50  ,for hiring new get two months , if start any project i have to leave project in 
her goal is big but budget was enough ,no have budget . really you are wasteing your time if only checking but not doing anything else .
learn backend in next year using mongodb and node express mern  build api and live api and secure api before lunch 1 hr daily for interview 2 for backend after lunch add 
pages more . 



react 19 usetransition , useoptimistic ,useFormStatus ,   boot 5.3 tailwind 3.4.17 

semantic tags , audio ,video ,aside ,artical , svg ,canvas 
gradient,transition ,transform, background-img , box-shadow ,flex 
async ,await ,call ,bind ,apply , foreach ,map ,sort , aarow fun 
