Q1 : what differentiates you from other candidate?  and why should i hire you ?.
Ans : 1 problem solving skills
2 hands on experience on live project 
3 decision maker and proactive decision 
4 adapt new technology and update with latest tech 
4 hardworking and smartworking 
6 work with tight deadlins 
7 my skills align with your requirement . 
8 valueable asset for your team 
9 positive attitude , pateince and calm in every situation .
10 good presenation skills 
11 research skills 
12 commitment to delever high quality work , visual applealing , user-experirnce and better performance .
13 daily commitent to make my better version this is help in your organization 
14 good observation 
15 be serious for the new opportunity . 
16 always ready to tackle new challenge .
17 aviod the comfortzone 
18 love to new task and challenge 

Q2 how do you handle pressure with tight deadlines ?
Ans : 1 pritoize task in two category 1 simple task and 2 complex task 
2 analysis task which task how much take time to do 
3 start with simple since i boost my confidence and built complex task so easy 
4 maitain myself calm in that situation 
5 between this clear communication with team member while ensuring my work is align with requirement .


Q3 how did you face challenges while doing coding : situation , task , action ,result 
Ans : 1 when i was working on indimedo website using react technology there i have to build search fetaures just 
like amozon and flipkart that was new in that time so for understanding concept i visit flipkart website to understand how react
search functionality is working what is happening for that i have opened the network tab to check api request url how is taking
time to show result for achieving debouncing functionality so i relize that it is taking some time to show result
reasearch related how can i achieve this so got to debouncing concept first hit api using post and get result to update immediate .

2 language barrier 3 specific location added 3 perform enhance 26 to 90 in responsive , accessblility -> form ,label ,alt ,automatic 
if or else ,google tag manager ,async and differ ,lazy loading ,canonical tag , open meta deta added ,  prefetch , preloading , resizie issue resolve , wepb format 

3 on page seo : 3xx redirect error ,page not found , robotx .text , dublicate error ,serp title , alternative canoninical error 
htaccess for redirect error ,


Q4 how do you ensure website is responsive ?.
Ans :1 use width property for parent div .
2 use flex wrap property to make responsive in small screen .
3 use media query and developers tools to make website responsive .
4 use rem instead of px . 
5 first clear the concept how this will appear in the mobile and other screen .
6 it is good practice if we make one component and check in diffrent device how looks and make responsive one by one .
7 make sure we don't use two framework at same time ,otherwize make conflict and mismatching with the class .
8 use diffrent class name sometime we don't know the classes is coming from ? .


